---
layout: story
title: "Traveling the World Through the Lens: My Adventure in Photography"
description: "As the human city development encroaches on the raccoon population's forest and meadow habitat, the raccoons find themselves faced with the very real possibility of extinction. In response, the raccoons engage in a desperate struggle to stop the construction and preserve their home."
date: "2023-01-15"
tags: ["animation", "fantasy", "japanese"]
cover: 
  src: "/img/stories/02.jpg"
  alt: "alternative text"
  width: 1600
  height: 2400
---

# From Simply Clicking to Truly Believing in Myself

::three-images
---
src1: /img/stories/01.jpg
src2: /img/stories/02.jpg
src3: /img/stories/03.jpg
alt1: alternative text
alt2: alternative text
alt3: alternative text
---
::

## Creating Memories When I Had None

From a young age, we all try to capture moments. Sometimes with a phone, sometimes with a camera, but always with the intention of not forgetting. In my case, I grew up with very few visual memories. I don’t have childhood photos, and the few that exist are rare. That absence became my motivation to create memories for others, so no one misses the chance to look back, see themselves, and recognize their own story

## Where My Creative Journey Began

My creative journey began with my voice. I studied and trained as a commercial and dubbing voice artist in Costa Rica. One day, a casting (without me realizing it at the time) quietly began to shape the path I am on today.

### Discovering the Power of Visual Storytelling

Through voice work, I became part of a cinematic production, where I discovered everything that happens behind the camera. I transitioned from working alongside actors to becoming a second camera operator, learning the visual language, composition, and most importantly, the power of storytelling through images. I was guided by mentors who never tired of repeating, explaining, and teaching until I truly understood. They taught me how to capture the essence of what wants to be communicated, and how to create images that connect with what the viewer needs to feel.

## From Amateur to Professional

What began as something amateur slowly grew into a profession. I studied and continue to grow, carrying with me the sensitivity of cinema and the intention to create images that are not only seen, but deeply felt.

## Growth, Life Lessons, and Inspiration

Life has given me moments I didn’t fully understand at the time, but now recognize as growth. It also gave me a partner who inspires me to explore new places and to share my art with the world.

## Photography With Purpose

Today, every photograph I create comes from that place, from the importance of capturing who we are, so it is never lost with time. To capture where we live, so we never forget where we come from.






___


### Why This Website Exists

This website exists for that reason: to share what is meaningful, and to turn moments into lasting memories.

:blog-image{src=/img/stories/02.jpg alt="alternative text"}

```markdown
:blog-image{src=/img/stories/02.jpg alt="alternative text"}
```

Traveling the world through the lens of my camera has been a dream come true, and I am so grateful for the opportunities and experiences that photography has brought into my life. No matter where my travels take me next, I know that I will always find inspiration and beauty through the lens of my camera.

:blog-image{src=/img/stories/01.jpg, alt="alternative text"}

## Emphasis

**This is bold text**

__This is bold text__

*This is italic text*

_This is italic text_

~~Strikethrough~~

## Links

Here is how a [link text](https://dev.to) looks like.

## Blockquotes


> Blockquotes can also be nested...
>> ...by using additional greater-than signs right next to each other...
> > > ...or with spaces between arrows.


## Lists

Unordered

+ Create a list by starting a line with `+`, `-`, or `*`
+ Sub-lists are made by indenting 2 spaces:
  - Marker character change forces new list start:
  - Ac tristique libero volutpat at
  - Facilisis in pretium nisl aliquet
  -  Nulla volutpat aliquam velit
+ Very easy!

Ordered

1. Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet
2. Consectetur adipiscing elit
3. Integer molestie lorem at massa


## Tables

| Option | Description                                                               |
| ------ | ------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| data   | path to data files to supply the data that will be passed into templates. |
| engine | engine to be used for processing templates. Handlebars is the default.    |
| ext    | extension to be used for dest files.                                      |

