---
layout: story
title: "Central Bank Museum of Costa Rica."
description: "The Central Bank Museum of Costa Rica, beneath Plaza de la Cultura, reveals the nation’s history through striking architecture, geometric patterns, and layered underground spaces that invite discovery beyond its treasures."
date: "2024-09-15"
tags: ["museum", "architecture", "Costa Rica", "San José", "underground", "history","geometric","black and white","culture"]
cover: 
  src: "/img/stories/18.jpg"
  alt: "alternative text"
  width: 1600
  height: 2400
---

# Central Bank Museum of Costa Rica

::three-images
---
src1: /img/stories/13.jpg
src2: /img/stories/14.jpg
src3: /img/stories/15.jpg
alt1: alternative text
alt2: alternative text
alt3: alternative text
---
::

Located beneath the Plaza de la Cultura, in the heart of San José. More than just a traditional museum, it is an underground journey through the country's history, art, and economy.

:blog-image{src=/img/stories/16.jpg alt="alternative text"}

## Feeling Small: The Space and Perspective

It spans just three levels underground. Compared to conventional buildings, this may seem modest, but the sensation it conveys is distinct: the perspective makes you feel small. That sense of smallness was one of the emotions I sought to capture in black and white. Entering a space built to safeguard what is valuable is, in a way, traversing layers of history and becoming a part of them.

:blog-image{src=/img/stories/15.jpg alt="alternative text"}

## Noticing the Details

As I moved through the space, my attention gradually shifted toward the details—and toward those areas that have since become instantly recognizable online. The museum’s ceiling, with its precise and repetitive lines, was one of the first elements that stopped me in my tracks. From that point on, I allowed myself to engage in creative editing, utilizing the geometry of the space to construct new interpretations and move beyond a merely documentary gaze

:blog-image{src=/img/stories/17.jpg alt="alternative text"}

### Patterns and Creativity

From there, I traveled to Africa, where I captured the raw beauty of the savanna and the majesty of the wild animals that roamed the land. My travels then took me to Asia, where I was awestruck by the vibrant colors, rich culture, and bustling energy of countries like Thailand and India.

My adventures have brought me to countless new and exciting places, each one more beautiful and awe-inspiring than the last. Through my lens, I have captured moments of pure joy and wonder, and I feel so lucky to be able to share these experiences with others.

___


## Images

Traveling the world through the lens of my camera has been a dream come true, and I am so grateful for the opportunities and experiences that photography has brought into my life. No matter where my travels take me next, I know that I will always find inspiration and beauty through the lens of my camera.

:blog-image{src=/img/stories/02.jpg alt="alternative text"}

```markdown
:blog-image{src=/img/stories/02.jpg alt="alternative text"}
```

Traveling the world through the lens of my camera has been a dream come true, and I am so grateful for the opportunities and experiences that photography has brought into my life. No matter where my travels take me next, I know that I will always find inspiration and beauty through the lens of my camera.

:blog-image{src=/img/stories/01.jpg, alt="alternative text"}

## Emphasis

**This is bold text**

__This is bold text__

*This is italic text*

_This is italic text_

~~Strikethrough~~

## Links

Here is how a [link text](https://dev.to) looks like.

## Blockquotes


> Blockquotes can also be nested...
>> ...by using additional greater-than signs right next to each other...
> > > ...or with spaces between arrows.


## Lists

Unordered

+ Create a list by starting a line with `+`, `-`, or `*`
+ Sub-lists are made by indenting 2 spaces:
  - Marker character change forces new list start:
  - Ac tristique libero volutpat at
  - Facilisis in pretium nisl aliquet
  -  Nulla volutpat aliquam velit
+ Very easy!

Ordered

1. Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet
2. Consectetur adipiscing elit
3. Integer molestie lorem at massa


## Tables

| Option | Description                                                               |
| ------ | ------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| data   | path to data files to supply the data that will be passed into templates. |
| engine | engine to be used for processing templates. Handlebars is the default.    |
| ext    | extension to be used for dest files.                                      |

