---
layout: default
title: Pricing & FAQ
---

<page-header title="Pricing & FAQ" orientation="left">
  <template #description>
  <p>We know how much <strong>time and care</strong> goes into finding the right people to bring your <strong>vision to life</strong>, and how overwhelming it can feel sorting through endless packages and options.</p>

  <p>That’s why we <strong>do things a little differently</strong>.</p>

  <p>Instead of sending you a long list of confusing packages filled with things you may not even need, we prefer to <strong>connect with you directly</strong>. We’ll schedule a call or chat over messeges to <strong>hear your story</strong>, to understand your vision, and learn exactly <strong>what matters most to you</strong>.</p>

  <p>From there, we create a photography experience that’s <strong>thoughtfully tailored to you</strong>: nothing more, nothing less.</p>

  <p>Below you’ll find our <strong>average pricing</strong> as a guide.</p>

  <p>But <strong>regardless of your budget</strong>, if you’d love to work with us, <strong>please reach out</strong>, we’ll create something <strong>just for you</strong>.</p>
  </template>
</page-header>



::SectionPackages
:::PackagePrice
---
title: Mini
price: $150
description: A short and focused session designed to capture meaningful moments with simplicity and ease. Perfect for quick portraits or small updates.
includedFeatures:
  - 1 location
  - 30 minutes
  - 6 edited digital images
  - "Additional digital images: $25 each"
  - "Additional instant prints (2x3): 3 for $15, 5 for $25, 10 for $40"
  image:
    src: /img/hire-me/package4.webp
    alt: Mini
---
:::
:::PackagePrice
---
title: Classic
price: $280
description: A balanced session that captures natural expression with thoughtful composition. Ideal for a complete set of portraits with variety and intention.
includedFeatures:
  - 1 location
  - 1 hour
  - 12 edited digital images
  - "additional edited digital images: $20 each"
  - "1 complimentary instant print (2x3)"
  - "additional instant prints (2x3): 3 for $15, 5 for $25, 10 for $40"
  image:
    src: /img/hire-me/package1.webp
    alt: Classic
---
:::
:::PackagePrice
---
title: Standard
price: $480
description: A creative storytelling session with more time, flexibility, and variety. Designed to capture authentic moments, movement, and personality across different settings.
includedFeatures:
  - 1-2 locations
  - 1 Outfit change
  - up to 2 hours
  - 25 edited digital images
  - "additional edited digital images: $15 each"
  - 2 complimentary instant print (2x3)
  - "pre-session planning and style guidance"
  - "additional instant prints (2x3): 3 for $15, 5 for $25, 10 for $40"
  
  image:
    src: /img/hire-me/package2.webp
    alt: Standard
---
:::
:::PackagePrice
---
title: Ultimate
price: $900
description: The full luxury experience, including multiple locations, outfit changes, creative direction, and extended time for a complete visual story. Perfect for capturing every moment with depth, style, and flexibility.
includedFeatures:
  - up to 3 locations
  - outfit changes
  - up to 3 hours
  - 35+ edited digital images
  - 3 complimentary instant prints (2x3)
  - "Sneak peek: Select your favorite image within 48 hours"
  - 1 hardcover photo book (up to 60-80 images)
  - "additional edited digital images: $10 each"
  image:
    src: /img/hire-me/package3.webp
    alt: Ultimate
---
:::
::


::SectionTestimonials{.max-w-2xl.mx-auto}
#title
## What My clients are saying about me
#items
:::Testimonial
---
quote: "Working with Jocsy was an absolute pleasure. Her attention to detail and creative eye for photography made our project truly stand out. She took the time to understand our vision and brought it to life in a way that exceeded our expectations. Jocs is not only a skilled photographer but also a professional who is easy to work with and goes above and beyond to deliver outstanding results. We couldn't be happier with the final product and highly recommend Jocsy for any photography needs. Thank you, Jocs, for your exceptional work!"
name: Sarah Johnson
image:
  src: /img/placeholder.jpg
  alt: Sarah Johnson
---
:::
:::Testimonial
---
quote: "I had the pleasure of working with Jocsy on a photoshoot for my business and I couldn't be happier with the results. Her professionalism, creativity, and attention to detail were top-notch. She captured the essence of my brand and brought it to life in a way that was beyond my expectations. I highly recommend Jocsy for any photography needs, she is a true talent."
name: Emily Davis
image:
  src: /img/placeholder.jpg
  alt: Emily Davis
---
:::
:::Testimonial
---
quote: "I've had the pleasure of working with Jocsy on several photography projects, and I have to say, she never ceases to amaze me with her talent and creativity. Her eye for detail and ability to capture the essence of a moment is truly impressive. Not only that, but she's also a pleasure to work with - always professional, punctual, and collaborative. I highly recommend Jocsy for any photography needs - you won't be disappointed!"
name: Sharleen Arridell 
image:
  src: /img/placeholder.jpg
  alt: Sharleen Arrindell
---
:::
:::Testimonial
---
quote: "I have had the privilege of working with Jocselyn on multiple projects and I am consistently blown away by her work. Her ability to capture the emotion and essence of her subjects is truly impressive. She has a gift for making people feel comfortable and bringing out their best selves in front of the camera. I highly recommend Jocselyn for any photography needs, she is a true professional."
name: David Nguyen
image:
  src: /img/placeholder.jpg
  alt: David Nguyen
---
:::
:::Testimonial
---
quote: "I recently worked with Jocsy on a family photoshoot and I was blown away by her talent and professionalism. She made us feel comfortable in front of the camera and captured the most beautiful moments that we will cherish forever. Her attention to detail and ability to tell a story through her photography is truly remarkable. I highly recommend her for any photography needs, she is a true gem."
name: Lisa Johnson
image:
  src: /img/placeholder.jpg
  alt: Lisa Johnson
---
:::
:::Testimonial
---
quote: "I recently worked with Jocselyn on a photoshoot for my business and I was extremely impressed with her work. She has a keen eye for detail and knows how to bring out the best in his subjects. Her creativity and professionalism were second to none."
name: Rosa Richardson
image:
  src: /img/placeholder.jpg
  alt: Rosa Richardson
---
:::
::

::SectionFaq{.max-w-2xl.mx-auto}
#title
Frequently Asked Questions
#items
  :::QaItem
  #question
  What kind of photography services do you offer?
  #answer
  We offer a wide range of photography services including __portrait, wedding, event & concert, sports, commercial & product, real estate, travel, landscape, documentary, fine art, and astrophotography.__
  Please contact us for more information.
  :::
  :::QaItem
  #question
  What is your pricing structure for photography services?
  #answer
  Our pricing structure varies based on the type of photography service and the specific needs of our clients. We offer competitive and transparent pricing and provide a detailed quote for each project.
  :::
  :::QaItem
  #question
  Do you offer both indoor and outdoor photography services?
  #answer
  Yes, we offer both indoor and outdoor photography services depending on the specific needs of our clients. We are flexible and can work with you to determine the best location for your shoot.
  :::
  :::QaItem
  #question
  How long does it take to receive the final photographs?
  #answer
  Our turnaround time varies based on the scope of the project, but we typically deliver the final photographs within 1 week after the photoshoot. Rush orders may be accommodated for an additional fee.
  :::
  :::QaItem
  #question
  Can I request specific editing or retouching for my photographs?
  #answer
  Yes, we welcome any specific requests for editing or retouching to ensure that the final product meets your expectations. We work closely with our clients to achieve their desired results.
  :::
::


::SectionCtaHireMe{.mt-32}
#title
Questions or collaboration ideas?
#description
I would love to hear from you! Whether you have __questions__ about my work, have __collaboration ideas__, or are interested in __hiring me__ for a project, don't hesitate to reach out.

I usually respond within a few hours!
::